---
applied_at: '2025-09-05'
applies_to:
- ui-elements
is_impactful: false
is_new_feature: false
release_source_url: ''
collapse: true
show_excerpt: true
---

# Metadata view enhancements

We introduced the following updates to the [metadata view in Content Explorer][1]:

## For developers 

- Enable or disable specific metadata columns and arrange their order. You can also
save the columns order so that it stays the same between sessions.
- Configure and select metadata attributes from multiple sources, such as system default, metadata templates,
or generated by the AI Extract). 
- Customize what common actions appear for users when they click the ellipsis button.
- Create unique URL based on filter settings.
- Configure permission settings so that only authorized users can edit metadata values.
- Add your own icons using CSS.

<!-- more -->

## For users

- View files with associated metadata attributes displayed as columns.
- View metadata attributes in a structured format, as columns in Content Explorer and as fields in Content Sidebar. 
- Sort metadata attributes by column.
- See metadata updates in real time.
- Perform common actions such as copy or move by clicking the ellipsis button.
- Select multiple files and perform common actions on them.
- Filter content by:
  - Metadata attribute in a metadata template only.
  - Metadata attributes in a metadata template, system-generated metadata, AI generated metadata.
  - Using multiple filter combinations with AND/OR logic.
  - Numeric values.
  - Date values.
  - Full text.
- Bulk edit metadata in the Content Sidebar.
- Append metadata values to multi-value fields.
- Select multiple files and view all the metadata templates that are applied to them.
- Use Box AI to suggest metadata edits.

## Where to get support

Should you have any issues or need further guidance, please post a request to our [developer forum][2] for any help needed.

[1]: g://embed/ui-elements/explorer-metadata
[2]: https://community.box.com/
