---
applied_at: '2025-09-17'
applies_to:
  - sdks
is_impactful: true
is_new_feature: false
release_source_url: ''
collapse: true
show_excerpt: true
---

# Box SDK changes

As of September 17, 2025 Box Next Generation SDKs are no longer supported as separate artifacts. Don't worry, your existing code will continue to work without changes. You can still use your applications based on Box Next Generation SDKs with no impact, but you won't receive new features, updates, or bug fixes. In keeping with industry best practices, we are consolidating the Box Next Generation SDKs and Box core SDKs into a single package for each programming language. This makes migration efforts much easier and allows to seamlessly add new capabilities to existing applications still powered by the manually maintained Box core SDKs. Box Next Generation SDKs are available as the latest major version release (`v10`) of Box core SDKs. Currently, it’s available as a separate branch.  

For details, see our [SDK versioning strategy][1] document.

<!-- more -->

# SDK v10

The [sdk-gen][sdk-gen] branch contains the generated code for the `v10` version of the Box Python SDK. This is intended primarily for developers migrating from [Box Python SDK Gen][2] to the v10 version.

As part of our upcoming major release, we will be introducing a combined SDK that consolidates the previously separate generated SDK into one unified SDK package for improved usability and maintenance.

See the [migration guide][3] for transitioning from Box Python SDK Gen to Box Python SDK v10. 

If you have any questions, please create an issue in the repository or reach out to [Box Developer Support][4].

## Where to get support

Should you have any issues or need further guidance, please post a request to our [developer forum][5] for any help needed.

[1]: g://tooling/sdks/sdk-versioning
[sdk-gen]: https://github.com/box/box-python-sdk/tree/sdk-gen
[2]: https://github.com/box/box-python-sdk-gen
[3]: https://github.com/box/box-python-sdk/blob/sdk-gen/migration-guides/from-box-python-sdk-gen-v1-to-box-python-sdk-v10.md
[4]: https://developer.box.com/support/
[5]: https://community.box.com/
